Adding alternate key support for app entity (#17677)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/application-delete.md

|Application | Application.ReadWrite.OwnedBy, Application.ReadWrite.All, Directory.ReadWrite.All |

## HTTP request

> Applications can be deleted with either the primary key, **id** (Object ID), or the alternate key, **appId** (Application ID).  Application ID is often referred to as Client ID.
> 
> ### Object ID Key
> Replace `{id}` with the **id** for the application object, also referred to as the **Object ID** in the Azure portal.
> <!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
> ```http
> DELETE /applications/{id}
> ```
> 
> ### Application ID Key
> Replace `{appId}` with the **appId** for the application object, also referred to as the **Application (Client) ID** in the Azure portal.
> <!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
> ```http
> DELETE /applications/(appId='{appId}')

Reviewer: Hi @aricrowe57 - A globally applicable suggestion to make the block shorter.
```suggestion
You can address the application using either its **id** or **appId**. **id** and **appId** are referred to as the **Object ID** and **Application (Client) ID** respectively, in the Azure portal.
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
DELETE /applications/{id}
DELETE /applications/(appId='{appId}')
```
